OH, FOLKS, MY NEXT GUEST IS A
FORMER "THE DAILY SHOW"
CORRESPONDENT WHOSE NEW SERIES
"PATRIOT ACT" IS NOW ON NETFLIX.
PLEASE WELCOME HASAN MINHAJ!
( APPLAUSE )
♪ ♪ ♪
>> Stephen: YEAH!
>> HEY!
>> LIVE, MAN!
>> Stephen: NICE TO SEE YOU.
>> GOOD TO SEE YOU.
>> Stephen: WELCOME TO THE
LIVE SHOW, LIVE MIDTERM SHOW.
>> YEAH.
>> Stephen: DID YOU VOTE
TODAY?
>> YES.
>> Stephen: WHERE IS YOUR
STICKER.
>> SteSTICKER.
>> I DID ABSENTEE.
>> Stephen: YOU DON'T GET A
STICKER FOR ABSENTEE.
>> THAT'S THE NEW DEMOCRACY, YOU
GOT YOUR VACCINE STICKER.
YOU GOT YOUR SHOTS.
YOU DON'T DO ALCOHOL, RIGHT?
>> NO, I CAN'T DRINK ON CAMERA.
>> Stephen: I HAVE A LITTLE
SPARKLING-- SPARKLING CIDER
RIGHT THERE.
>> THERE YOU GO.
INTERNET, YOU SEE THIS, APPLE
CIDER.
>> Stephen: CHEERS, CHEERS.
THERE YOU GO.
>> THANK YOU.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
THANK YOU.
>> Stephen: BIG-- YOU'RE
YOUNG, RIGHT?
(  LAUGHTER  )
YOU'RE YOUNG.
YOU LOOK FRESH.
>> SURE.
>> Stephen: YOU LOOK--
>> THANK YOU.
>> Stephen: YOU LOOK YOUNG.
HOW OLD ARE YOU?
>> I'M 33 YEARS OLD.
>> Stephen: THAT'S YOUNG.
>> YEAH.
I'M IN MY LATE 30s.
>> YEAH, OKAY.
>> Stephen: EXTREMELY LATE
30s.
I WAS TALKING EARLIER, IS VOTING
BAE?
>> I WOULD SAY IT'S LIT.
>> Stephen: VOTING'S LIT?
SURE, IT'S LIT.
YOUNG PEOPLE--
>> ISN'T IT LIT?
I WOULD SAY IT'S LIT.
IT'S POPPING.
>> Stephen: SPEAK FOR ALL
YOUNG PEOPLE, WILL YOU?
>> SURE.
>> Stephen: ARE YOU PREPARED?
>> HIT ME.
>> Stephen: BETO LOST.
>> YES.
>> Stephen: VERY POPULAR ALL
ACROSS THE UNITED STATES.
>> RIGHT.
>> Stephen: REALLY MOTIVATE
AID LOT OF YOUNG VOTERS?
>> YES.
>> Stephen: VOTER TURNOUT
BETWEEN 18 AND 30 WAS NEW JERSEY
TEXAS.
SAD HE LOST?
>> I AM SAD THAT HE LOST.
BUT ACTUALLY IT ISN'T A PARTISAN
THING.
I'M JUST EYE LOOKED AT THE
ENDORSEMENTED.
HE HAD ALL OF BLACK EXCELLENCE
BACKING HIM, BEYONCE, TRAVIS
SCOTT-- THAT'S WEIRD TO PUT
TRAVIS NEXT TO-- TRAVIS SCOTT,
LeBRON JAMES.
LeBRON JAMES HAD A BETO HAT ON
DURING A SAN ANTONIO SPURS GAME.
DO YOU UNDERSTAND HOW CRAZY THAT
IS?
THE GREATEST BASKETBALL PLAYER
LIVING RIGHT NOW WAS WEARING A
SENATE RACE HAT IN SAN ANTONIO.
THAT'S AS BORING AS IT GETS.
AND HE STILL COULDN'T WIN.
>> Stephen: AND WILLIE NELSON.
>> YEAH!
THAT'S LIKE IF I GOT AN
ENDORSEMENT FROM STEPHEN
COLBERT, JON STEWART, SETH
MYERS, SAMANTHA BEE, JOHN
OLIVER, JAY LENO, AND THE GHOST
OF JOHNNY CARSON, AND I STILL
GOT CANCELED.
( LAUGHTER )
AND THEN, THEY GAVE THE SHOW TO
TED CRUZ.
(  LAUGHTER  )
THAT'S WHAT IT WOULD-- YOU KNOW
HOW MUCH JUICE THAT IS!
>> Stephen: WELL, YOU WILL NOT
BE, BECAUSE THE SHOW IS GREAT.
"PATRIOT ACT," YOUR NEW SHOW.
>> THANK YOU
( APPLAUSE ).
>> Stephen: IT DELVES INTO
TOPICAL ISSUES.
>> YES.
>> Stephen: AS MANY OF US
ALUMS OF "THE DAILY SHOW" DO.
>> YES.
>> Stephen: BUT YOURS IS
UNIQUE.
YOU DON'T DO A LOT OF DONALD
TRUMP PUP DON'T ACTUALLY TALK
ABOUT DONALD TRUMP.
>> NO.
>> Stephen: ISN'T IT, LIKE,
THE SEVENTH AMENDMENT THAT
"DAILY SHOW"" ALUMS HAVE TO TALK
ABOUT DONALD TRUMP.
>> I TREAT IT LIKE-- YOU KNOW
THE CHARACTER IN ADDITION WANT
HARRY POTTER BOOK AND A LOT
DON'T MENTION LORD VOLD MER.
BUT A LOT OF PEOPLE IN LATE
NIGHT ARE SAYING WE HAVE TO SAY
THE "V" WORD.
FOR ME HE IS THE MAN WHO SHALL
NOT BE NAMED.
I KNOW HE EXISTS, BUT I DO NOT
WANT TO GIVE HIM ATTENTION.
( APPLAUSE ).
>> Stephen: NO FREE RIDES.
>> YEAH.
TOTALLY, YEAH.
>> Stephen: ON THE MINHAJ
MACHINE.
>> SURE.
>> Stephen: WHAT DO YOU CALL
HIM?
>> D.J.T.
45.
>> Stephen: 45, OKAY.
>> SOMETIMES WHEN I WANT TO MESS
AROUND WITH THE WRITERS, I GO,
MR. TWO TERMS."
AND THEY'RE LIKE, "NO!
AARRGGHH!"  AND I'M LIKE MART
NELLIES.
>> Stephen: WHAT DO YOU FOCUS
ON?
>> FUN STUFF, LIKE AFFIRMATIVE
ACTION OR SAUDI ARABIA.
>> Stephen: SURE.
>> IT'S REALLY --
>> Stephen: THAT'S A LAUGH A
MINUTE, SAUDI ARABIA.
>> REALLY, REALLY EXCITING
STUFF, YEAH.
>> Stephen: DO YOU DO
DOWN-BALLOT ISSUES LIKE-- ARE
YOU EXCITED ABOUT PEOPLE BEING
RESTORED THEIR FRANCHISE IN
FLORIDA?
THOSE KINDS OF ISSUES.
>> SORT OF STUFF LIKE THAT-- WE
DID A BIG THING ON-- YOU KNOW,
OBVIOUSLY, THERE ARE THE MAJOR
LEAGUES WHICH ARE THE BIG SEXY
THINGS, LIKE THE BETOS.
AND I SAY THE DON'T FORGET ABOUT
THE DOWN-BALLOT STUFF.
YOUR MODESTO NUTS.
YOUR MINOR LEAGUE ISSUE S.
>> Stephen: SO HOW MANY-- HOW
MANY EPISODES ARE YOU DOING FOR
NETFLIX THIS SEASON?
>> WE ARE DOING ON OUR FIRST
CYCLE SEVEN, BUT WE HAVE 32
EPISODES.
>> Stephen: SO, LIKE, SIX AND
A HALF WEEKS.
>> WE'RE NOT GOING TO DO THEM
STRAIGHT.
WE'RE GOING TO DO THEM IN
BATCHES, WHICH WILL BE FUN.
>> Stephen: OKAY.
>> YEAH.
( LAUGHTER ).
>> I DON'T KNOW WHAT THAT
ASSESSMENT GLEENS I DO 202 A
YEAR.
I WAS JUST CURIOUS HOW MANY--
>> OH!
OH, GOT TOKAY.
TO BE FAIR-- TO BE FAIR,
STEPHEN, I DON'T KNOW IF YOU'VE
SEEN THE SHOW, IT'S PRETEE IT'S
PRETTY INCREDIBLE.
THERE'S NO DESK.
IT'S JUST ALL --
>> Stephen: NO DECK.
>> NO IT'S ALL SCREENS.
IT'S LIKE BEING AT A DRAKE
CONCERT BUT YOU'RE LEARNING.
IT'S CRAZY.
IF YOU HAVE BEEN TO AN EDM
CONCERT.
>> Stephen: I HAVE NEVER BEEN
I'VE NEVER BEEN TO ONE.
>> AND YOU THOUGHT, WHAT IF I
COULD LEARN IT TAX REFORM RIGHT
NOW.
>> Stephen: WHILE I WAS
DROPPING MOLLIE.
>> TOTALLY.
THAT'S "PATRIOT ACT."
>> Stephen: TRUMP OBSESSED
ABOUT IMMIGRATION.
>> YES.
>> Stephen: ESPECIALLY FEAR
MONGERING ABOUT IMMIGRANTS.
YOU'RE A CHILD OF IMMIGRANTS.
SHOULD AMERICANS BE AFRAID OF
IMMIGRANTS?
>> TOTALLY, YES, 100,000%, YES.
>> Stephen: SHOULD WHY WE BE
AFRAID?
>> YOU HAVE TO UNDERSTAND, THERE
ARE THE PEOPLE ON THE CARAVAN--
WE HAVE A WHATAP GOING.
>> Stephen: YOU HAVE FRIENDS
ON THE CARAVAN?
>> YEAH, TOTALLY.
>> Stephen: I GET THAT, I GET
THAT.
>> IT'S A MELANIN D.M.
SITUATION.
WHAT'S GOING ON OVER THERE?
IT'S PRETTY CRAZY.
DO YOU WANT TO COME?
YEAH, WE SHOULD COME.
BUT FOR A LOT OF IMMIGRANTS, IF
YOU THINK ABOUT IT, THERE'S A
LOT OF FAMILIES, CHILDREN.
THEY'RE GOING-- THESE IMMIGRANT
FAMILIES ARE GOING TO COME HERE.
THESE PARENTS ARE GOG HAVE HIGH
EXPECTATIONS OF THEIR KIDS.
THEY'RE GOING TO HAVE TO LIVE
THE AMERICAN DREAM.
WHAT IF THEY GROW UP AND THEY'RE
SUPPOSED TO DO MED, AND THEN DO
STAND MOVIE UP COMEDY FOR 14
YEARS, THEIR PARENTS CONTINUE TO
GET DISAPPOINTED AND THEY
FINALLY GET A LATE-NIGHT SHOW,
AND OUT OF 37 LATE-NIGHT HOSTS
THEY HAPPEN TO BE THE FIRST
LATE-NIGHT HOST WITH BROWN
MELANIN.
IT WOULD BE CRAZY.
I WAS ABOUT TO SAY THE "F" WORD,
BUT I'M NOT GOING TO DO THAT.
IT WOULD BE NUTS.
SO OF COURSE PEOPLE SHOULD BE
AFRAID OF IMMIGRANTS.
>> Stephen: BY "PEOPLE" YOU
MEAN ME?
>> YEAH, WE'RE STEALING JOBS.
SLOWLY BUT SURELY.
"PATRIOT ACT" IS ON NETFLIX NOW.
HASAN MINHAJ
EVERYBODY!
WE'LL BE RIGHT BACK .